Bgrant/test (#366)
NuevoFoundation/workshops: content/english/Kusto-KC7/activity-2.md

- Ransomware / Business Scams / Hack and Leak
- Level of organization varies 
- Lone wolves & Organized mafias 

Nation Sponsored are actors operating on behalf of their government. Many governments financially support and direct cyber groups to hack in line with the government's goals which could be political, financial, defense related, etc.
- Government sponsored or affiliated
- Highly funded
- Highly motivated
- Selective in targeting
- Long term outlook

-----------------------------------------------------

### It's time to play a game of Whodunit, where we throw out some scenarios and you try to your hand at attribution!

Question 1:
<img src= "https://github.com/bgrant34/workshops/blob/master/content/english/kusto-kc7/Images/WhodunitQ1.png?raw=true" alt= “WhodunitQ1” width="80%" height="value">

#### Which type of adversary do you think did it?

<FORM method="POST"
      onSubmit="return checkAnswer(this,'C');"
>

<INPUT TYPE="RADIO" VALUE="A" NAME="cc">
A. Hacktivist<BR>

<INPUT TYPE="RADIO" VALUE="B" NAME="cc">
B. Cyber Criminal<BR>

<INPUT TYPE="RADIO" VALUE="C" NAME="cc">
C. Nation Sponsored<BR>

<INPUT TYPE="SUBMIT" VALUE="Submit Answer">

</FORM>

> 

Reviewer: either use <br/> to add new lines

or make Question 1 -> #### Question 1 etc.

Author: I actually added both bc I like how it looks. Thanks

- **Phishing** - An attack that uses email, text messaging (SMS), or social media to entice a victim to share sensitive information or to download a malicious file, this is much like catfishing
- **Ransomware** - Malicious code intended to lock victims out of their own systems with in order to exact a ransom, usually money, from the victim in exchange for regaining access to their locked systems or data
- **Password Spray#** - An attacker aquires a list of usernames, and then tries logging in across all usernames using the same password, and then repeats the process with new passwords until they gain system access.

### Challenges to Attribution

Although it is a key part of cybersecurity, attribution can be challenging to do, even for cybersecurity experts. Experts often have to conduct extensive forensic investigations and analyse lots of data looking for ways to prove who could be responsible for attacks. Some things experts look at to help with this are:
- Historical Data - Are there repeated patterns used across multiple cyber attacks over time that could indicate which malicious actor(s) could be behind this?

> - Intent or Motives - Are there attacks specifically targetting educational institutions for example? Could a cyber attack coincide with a publicly observable political conflict between countries that cannot afford to be caught shooting missiles, sending military troops, or otherwise engaging in **kinetic warfare** with another country?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Intent or Motives - Are there attacks specifically targeting educational institutions, for example? Could a cyber attack coincide with a publicly observable political conflict between countries that cannot afford to be caught shooting missiles, sending military troops, or otherwise engaging in **kinetic warfare** with another country?
```

> - Geographical Pattern of Attack - Are organizations in a particular country predominantly being targeted? Transversly, is an entity targetting organizations all over the world EXCEPT one country....potentially their own?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Geographical Pattern of Attack - Are organizations in a particular country predominantly being targeted? Transversely, is an entity targeting organizations all over the world EXCEPT one country....potentially their own?
```
